Unreal Engine plugin documentation update (#11625)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/distributed-tracing/custom-instrumentation/unreal.mdx

On this page you will learn how to manually propagate trace information into and out of your Unreal Engine game.

> Continuing a trace from an upstream service requires using `ContinueTrace()` that will create a transaction context with the provided `sentry-trace` header. The transaction started with the transaction context will contain everything needed to continue the trace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuing a trace from an upstream service requires using `ContinueTrace()`, which will create a transaction context with the provided `sentry-trace` header. This transaction starts with the transaction context will contain everything needed to continue the trace.
```
